So we saw the British approach and understood that it wouldn't work.
Now let's understand how to apply the trees and.
So first point that we have noticed is the.
Root of the tree doesn't matter.
Whichever node is the root of the tree beginning again in order to be the root of the tree, the answer
would be the same, right?
The root of the tree doesn't matter because this structure isn't.
The second thing is of renaming or reordering.
Or remembering.
The numbering doesn't matter, right?
Again, the same reason because the structure of the tree remains the same.
Eight.
Now I need to understand what is important to you.
What does a state offer?
Deep.
When it's applied for, it represents the facility.
We make the same tree that we took for contradicting the greedy approach.
Yeah.
So this was the one, right?
And in this I'm just naming it, naming all the nodes quickly.
Well, I in this variety I'd say DP X or DP or whatever, you can see it or let's say DP current, but
that's what I use an adequate.
What is DP current?
DP current is nothing, but it will store beyond.
I'm not I'm not actually talking about the problem that we're discussing, but in general, I.
The deep current is nothing, but it stores the answer before it gets the answer for.
Thus subtree.
Representing.
Or to the subtree of current.
This is important.
Right.
So first thing that is very confusing here is that they can be very surprised because let's say if I
choose.
Ah.
To do with the.
Let's see if I choose to go to the root of the tree.
Then we'll get I'll get one child five it's and one will have three or and then three will have six
and seven.
So here you can see that both these trees are seen.
They are exactly the same trees.
It's just that I have big to do with the.
A rude note of the rewrite.
The structure of the tree remains the same, and the answer the vertex cover of this tree will also
be the same because the structure is the same.
Will always remember.
It is not specially mentioned in the problem statement that big one has the root of the tree or take
some any other vertex to be root of the tree.
Then.
Then there is only one thing you can take any node as the any vertex as the root of the tree.
And the answers won't change.
But if the problem specifically says that one is the root of the tree and the problem statement will
be according to this rate, because then any state that is depicted in will be according to when one
is the root of the tree.
Right.
So here you can see that this trees will change if the root of my tree will change.
Correct.
It's a subtree is nothing but the whole tree which is under the current node.
Basically this is subtree of two.
This is subtree of a this is subtree of one.
Subtree of root.
Notice the whole 3/8 of subtree of root.
This.
The holding.
So now in this case we can see the subtree of two is the hold rate.
So always remember subtree is will change according to the root.
But the answers won't change if the if the problem statement as mentioned that you can take any note
to be the root of the tree.
Yeah.
Then let's move on and let's.
So we understood that.
Where did deep cut in store?
It will always store the answer for this subtree of the current state.
So if I say dpi of two, that means if this is the tree, that means two and five is the tree.
Then what's the answer?
Correct.
For example, let me give you a quick example.
Let's say a deep current represents I'm just dodging slightly away from the problem.
The current represents the sum.
The sum.
Or let's say.
Okay.
Let's see the some off notes.
In this arbitrary.
Well.
So what is the sum of nodes in this up to your favorite is.
I'm taking these some of note.
It is six and it is seven.
What is this?
Some off note in this subtree of two?
It is.
Who bless whatever is this almost arbitrary of nodes of five.
I can see all I can always say this what any subtree that means.
I can easily say that BP current is nothing but permission of DP X, where x is child of current.
So if I want to find out this almost arbitrary of some particular note cutting and what I can do is
find out this almost arbitrary note of all the.
I love the current and add current on top of a less current.
Right here.
We'll see.
It will be seven here with six plus three.
It's nine here.
It'll be ten plus four.
11 or one.
What it will be.
It will be seven plus nine plus 11.
Right.
So for one word, aliases, finally, these are three of some of two, four, three, four, four.
We know.
What is this upgrade sum of two?
It is seven.
It is nine and it is 11.
Correct.
So if these are these are three, some of two, three and four, then what we disrupted sum of one.
It will be nothing but subtree sum of two, three plus four plus one.
Eight, that is.
Seven nine.
And it will be 20.
So I hope you're able to understand what does a deep state represent?
And that is in general.
Right.
But now let's move back to the problem and and for the problem arises.
I just want to make this thing very clear that always the bickering will represent the answer for the
subtree of current.
So let me related to Wendy to be again, gendered.
But what happens in Wendy to be whenever I talk about I right, I say, what is the answer for the first
three elements.
I elements, right.
Or what I say is it what is the answer for the last element?
As we are talking about suffix a or.
But if I say I.
Last night.
Elements made.
I hope you remember that.
We talk about Eddie from.
But if say which is this and or we talk about a fixed rate.
Yeah.
Which is not this but this.
These things should be very clear right now.
Similarly, I'm just trying to make a relation here that what is deep current represented in a tree?
Maybe it represents the answer for the subtree of it, but we can see there is no prefix or this no
suffix.
But we can always see in these subtree offered world.
I hope this is very clear.
That there will be a subterranean wall whenever I talk about Deep Current.
What will be the final answer for any deputy?
But any new entry is a problem.
What should be the final answer?
Final answer should be nothing.
Might be off route.
I didn't get it because the b of the road will always carry the ends of or the whole subtree of root,
which is nothing but the whole tree.
Right.
Just making some terms and definitions very clear.
And in the next slide, what we'll do is we'll start with the the problem, the vertex cover problem,
and we'll see how to make it states and solve it.
We'll see the next part.